No implementation found for style `graphicx'
No implementation found for style `mdframed'
No implementation found for style `authblk'
No implementation found for style `hyperref'

The mg-rast-tech-report.aux file was not found, so sections will not be numbered 
and cross-references will be shown as icons.

No number for "ThecostforDNAsequencingisshriking.ThiscomparisonwithMoore'slawroughlydescribingthedevelopmentofcomputingcostshighlightsthegrowinggapbetweensequencedataandtheavailableanalysisresources.Source:NGHRI"

No number for "Overviewofprocessingpipelinein(a)MG-RAST2and(b)MG-RAST3.Intheoldpipeline,metadatawasrudimentary,computestepswereperformedonindividualreadsona40-nodeclusterthatwastightlycoupledtothesystem,andsimilaritieswerecomputedbyBLASTtoyieldabundanceprofilesthatcouldthenbecomparedonaper-sampleorperpairbasis.Inthenewpipeline,richmetadatacanbeuploaded,normalizationandfeaturepredictionareperformed,fastermethodssuchasBLATareusedtocomputesimilarities,andtheresultingabundanceprofilesarefedintodownstreampipelinesonthecloudtoperformcommunityandmetabolicreconstructionandtoallowqueriesaccordingtorichsampleandfunctionalmetadata."

No number for "TheemailaddressfortheMG-RASTproject.Notethatthisisinsertedintothedocumentasanimage,youwillhavetotypeit."

No number for "TheMG-RASTv3datamodel."

No number for "Theanalysisdatabaseschema,showsthestaticobjectsinblueandthepermetagenome(variable)objectsingreen."

No number for "DetailsoftheanalysispipelineforMG-RASTversion3.x."

No number for "ThesizesofMG-RASTjobspermonthingigabasepairs."

No number for "Nucleotidehistogramwithbiaseddistributionstypicalforanamplicondataset"

No number for "Nucleotidehistogramshowingidealdistributionstypicalforashotgunmetagenome."

No number for "Nucleotidehistogramwithuntrimmedbarcodes."

No number for "Nucleotidehistogramwithcontamination."

No number for "Thesharingmechanismsrequiresavalidemailaddressfortheuserthedataistobesharedwith.Alistofuserswithaccesstothedataisdisplayedatthebottomonthepage."

No number for "DatasetssharedinMG-RASTbyusers(orangedots)areshownasconnectingedges."

No number for "The<TT>linkin.cgi</TT>mechanismprovidesstableURLsforlinkingtoMG-RAST."

No number for "a)Usingthewebinterfaceforasearchofmetagenomesformicrobialmatsinhotsprings(GSC-MIMS-KeywordsBiome=”hotspring;microbialmat”)wefind6metagenomes(refs:4443745.3,4443746.3,4443747.3,4443749.3,4443750.3,4443762.3).b)Initialcomparisonrevealssomedifferencesinproteinfunctionalclassabundance(usingSEEDsubsystenslevel1).C)FromthePCoAplotusingnormalizedcountsoffunctionalSEEDsubsystembasedfunctionalannotations(level2)andBray-Curtisasmetric,weattempttofinddifferencesbetweentwosimilardatasets(MG-RAST-IDs:444749.3,4443762.3).d)UsingexportedtableswithfunctionalannotationsandtaxonomicmappingweanalyzethedistributionoforganismsobservedtocontainBeta-lactamaseandplottheabundanceperspeciesfortwodistinctsamples."

No number for "ThesitemapfortheMG-RASTversion3website.Onthesitemapthemainpagesareshowninblue,managementpagesinorange.Thegreenboxesrepresentpagesthatarenotdirectlyaccessiblefromthehomepage."

No number for "TheMetagenomeBrowserpageenablessortinganddatasearch.Userscanselectthemetadatatheywishtoviewandsearch.Someofthemetadataishiddenbydefaultandcanbeviewedbyclickingonthe‘…’headerontherightsideofthetableandselectingthedesiredcolumns,thiscanalsobeusedtohideunwantedcolumns."

No number for "Theprojectpageprovidesasummaryofalldataintheprojectandprovidesaninterfacefordownloads."

No number for "Ifyouarethedatasetowner,theprojectpagewilldisplaythesebuttons."

No number for "Topofthemetagenomeoverviewpage."

No number for "Sequencestothepipelineareclassifiedintooneof5categories.grey=failedtheQC,red=unknownsequences,yellow=unknownfunctionbutproteincoding,green=proteincodingwithknownfunctionandblue=ribosomalRNA.Forthisexampleover50%ofsequenceswereeitherfilteredbyQCorfailedtoberecognizedaseitherproteincodingorribosomal."

No number for "TheinformationfromtheGSCMIxSchecklistprovidingminimalmetadataonthesample."

No number for "Theanalysisflowchartprovidesanoverviewofthefractionsofsequences“surviving”thevariousstepsoftheautomatedanalysis.Inthiscaseabout20%ofsequenceswerefilteredduringqualitycontrol.Fromtheremaining37,122,128sequences,53.5%werepredictedtobeproteincoding,5.5%hitribosomalRNA.Fromthepredictedproteins,76.8%couldbeannotatedwithaputativeproteinfunction.Outof32millionannotatedproteins,24millionhavebeenassignedtoafunctionalclassification(SEED,COG,EggNOG,KEEG),representing84%ofthereads."

No number for "Thegraphshowsthenumberoffeaturesinthisdatasetthatwereannotatedbythedifferentdatabases.Thebarsrepresentingannotatedreadsarecoloredbye-valuerange.Differentdatabaseshavedifferentnumbersofhits,butcanalsohavedifferenttypesofannotationdata."

No number for "Organismbreakdown:Samplerankabundanceplotbyphylum."

No number for "Therarefactionplotshowsacurveofannotatedspeciesrichness.Thiscurveisaplotofthetotalnumberofdistinctspeciesannotationsasafunctionofthenumberofsequencessampled."

No number for "Thealphadiversityplotshowstherangeofα-diversityvaluesintheprojectthedatasetbelongsto.Themin,max,andmeanvaluesareshown,withthestandarddeviationranges(σand2σ)indifferentshades.Theα-diversityofthismetagenomeisshowninred."

No number for "ThesubsystemsfunctionpiechartclassifiesreadsintotheSubsystemlevelonefunctions.IncontrasttotheCOG,EGGNOGandKEGGclassificationschemesthereareover20toplevelsubsystemcategoriescreatingamorehighlyresolved;SPMquot;fingerprint;SPMquot;forthemetagenome."

No number for "Usingtheanalysispageisathreestepprocess.Firstselectaprofileandhit(seebelow)type.Secondselectalistofmetagenomesandsetannotationsourceandsimilarityparameters.Thirdchoseacomparison."

No number for "Aviewofthedataselectiondialogue,withthelistoffourdatacategoriesexpanded."

No number for "Boxplotsoftheabundancedataforrawvalues(top)aswellasvaluesthathaveundergonethenormalizationandstandardizationproceduredescribedabove(bottom).Itisclearthatafternormalizationandstandardization,samplesexhibitvaluedistributionsthataremuchmorecomparable,andthatexhibitanormaldistribution;thenormalizedandstandardizeddataaresuitableforanalysiswithparametrictests,therawdataarenot."

No number for "Thebarchartviewcomparingnormalizedabundanceoftaxa.WehaveexpandedtheBacteriadomaintodisplaythenextlevelofthehierarchy."

No number for "Thetreediagramisavisualizationmethodontheanalysispage."

No number for "Clickingonanodeinthetreediagramwilldisplayadditioninformationtotherightofthetreedisplay."

No number for "Theoptionsforthetreeview."

No number for "Atreeviewatorderlevelwithcoloringsettophylumlevel."

No number for "Heatmap/dendogramexampleinMG-RAST.TheMG-RASTheatmap/dendrogramhastwodendrograms,oneindicatingthesimilarity/dissimilarityamongmetagenomicsamples(xaxisdendrogram)andanothertoindicatethesimilarity/dissimilarityamongannotationcategories(e.g.,functionalroles;they-axisdendrogram)."

No number for "Aviewoftheanalysispagetable."
couldn't convert character 5circ into available encodings

 ...set $ACCENT_IMAGES  to get an image 

No number for "TheInboxprovidestemporarystoragebeforesubmittingdataandlimitededitingfeatures."

No number for "Theinformationdisplayedbytheinboxforonefile(onceselected)."

No number for "Theprojectspreadsheet.Inredarerequiredfields.Notethatthe2ndrowcontainsinformationonhowtofillouttheform."

No number for "Thevarioustabsinthespreadsheet.Project,sampleandoneoflibrarymetagenomeorlibrarymimarkssurveyarerequired."

No number for "Thesampletabwith3newsamples(sample1,sample2andsample3)added.Againredtextinthefirstrowindicatesrequiredfields.Rows1and2cannotbealtered."

No number for "Aviewofthebrowsetablewiththecollectioncolumnenabled.Clickingonthe;SPMquot;...;SPMquot;attherightendofthetableallowsexpandingthetablecolumns."

No number for "ThesymbolfortheMG-RASTmetagenomebrowser"

No number for "TheMG-RASTmetagenomebrowser"

No number for "Thebrowserallowsfilteringbye.g.specificBIOMEinformation."

No number for "AreducedlistofmetagenomesforoneBIOME."

No number for "Selectingaspecificprojectfurtherreducesthenumberofdatasetsbeingdisplayed."

No number for "Savingacollection"

No number for "Alistofcollections"

No number for "Collectionscanbecomparedasgroups."

No number for "ScreenshotoftheAnalysisPageandWorkbenchtab.Notethatuserscansearchandselectmetagenomestoanalyze,theannotationcourcesandparameterstoset,alongwiththeanalysisandvisualizationtheywanttoperform."

No number for "Usingthetablestogroupresults."

No number for "Usethetabletoselectresultsyouwanttoaddtoyourworkbenchforfurtheranalyses."

No number for "Viewoftheworkbenchwiththesummaryoftheproteinsthathavebeenadded."

No number for "Inadditiontotheresultstable,userscandownloadresultsoraddtotheirworkbenchfrombarcharts."

No number for "Theworkbenchfacilitatesthedownloadofselectedreadsusingthenamespaceoftheselection."

No number for "BLAThitdetailswithalignment."

The bibliography file was not found.

no reference for citation: NHGRI_COST

no reference for citation: MGCLOUD

no reference for citation: CLOVR

no reference for citation: MGREVIEW

no reference for citation: THOMASREVIEW

no reference for citation: LOMAN

no reference for citation: MG-RAST

no reference for citation: SUBSYSTEMS

no reference for citation: FGS

no reference for citation: UCLUST

no reference for citation: BLAT

no reference for citation: AWE

no reference for citation: M5NR

no reference for citation: SOLEXAQA

no reference for citation: HUSEPYRO

no reference for citation: ADRS

no reference for citation: DRISEE

no reference for citation: BOWTIE

no reference for citation: TRIMBLE_SHORT

no reference for citation: QIIME

no reference for citation: OPENMPI

no reference for citation: GENBANK

no reference for citation: IMG

no reference for citation: KEGG

no reference for citation: EGGNOG

no reference for citation: COG

no reference for citation: RAST

no reference for citation: MEGAN

no reference for citation: GSC

no reference for citation: GCDML

no reference for citation: MIENS

no reference for citation: CRISPRS

no reference for citation: REFSEQ

no reference for citation: UNIPROT

no reference for citation: RARE

no reference for citation: KRONA

no reference for citation: 1584883278

no reference for citation: BIOM

no reference for citation: OBESEMICE

no reference for citation: PATRIC
